<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>A Book of Nonsense</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="book-1" epub:type="division">
			<h2>A Book of Nonsense</h2>
			<section id="dedication" epub:type="part dedication">
				<h3>Dedication</h3>
				<p>To the great-grandchildren, grand-nephews, and grand-nieces of Edward, 13th Earl of Derby.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="nonsense-rhymes-and-pictures" epub:type="part">
				<h3>Nonsense Rhymes and Pictures</h3>
				<article id="old-man-with-a-nose" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man with a nose,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who said, "If you choose to suppose</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That my nose is too long, you are certainly wrong!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That remarkable Man with a nose.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-person-of-smyrna" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Person of Smyrna,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose Grandmother threatened to burn her;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But she seized on the Cat, and said, "Granny, burn that!</span>
						<br/>
						<span>You incongruous Old Woman of Smyrna!"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-on-a-hill" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man on a hill,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who seldom, if ever, stood still;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He ran up and down in his Grandmother's gown,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which adorned that Old Man on a hill.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-chili" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Chili,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose conduct was painful and silly;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He sate on the stairs, eating apples and pears,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That imprudent Old Person of Chili.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-with-a-gong" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man with a gong,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who bumped at it all the day long;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they called out, "Oh, law! you're a horrid old bore!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So they smashed that Old Man with a gong.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-kilkenny" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Kilkenny,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who never had more than a penny;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He spent all that money in onions and honey,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That wayward Old Man of Kilkenny.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-columbia" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Columbia,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who was thirsty, and called out for some beer;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they brought it quite hot, in a small copper pot,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which disgusted that man of Columbia.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-in-a-tree" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man in a tree,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who was horribly bored by a Bee;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "Does it buzz?" he replied, "Yes, it does!</span>
						<br/>
						<span>It's a regular brute of a Bee."</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-lady-of-chertsey" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Lady of Chertsey,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who made a remarkable curtsey;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She twirled round and round, till she sank underground,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which distressed all the people of Chertsey.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-whose-chin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady whose chin</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Resembled the point of a pin;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So she had it made sharp, and purchased a harp,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And played several tunes with her chin.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-with-a-flute" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man with a flute,—</span>
						<br/>
						<span>A "sarpint" ran into his boot!</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But he played day and night, till the "sarpint" took flight,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And avoided that Man with a flute.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-portugal" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Portugal,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose ideas were excessively nautical;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She climbed up a tree to examine the sea,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But declared she would never leave Portugal.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person of ischia" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Ischia,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose conduct grew friskier and friskier;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He danced hornpipes and jigs, and ate thousands of figs,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That lively Old Person of Ischia</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-vienna" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Vienna,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who lived upon Tincture of Senna;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When that did not agree, he took Camomile Tea,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That nasty Old Man of Vienna.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-in-a-boat" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man in a boat,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who said, "I'm afloat! I'm afloat!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "No, you ain't!" he was ready to faint,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That unhappy Old Man in a boat.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-buda" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Buda,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose conduct grew ruder and ruder,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Till at last with a hammer they silenced his clamor.</span>
						<br/>
						<span>By smashing that Person of Buda.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-moldavia" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Moldavia,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who had the most curious behavior;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>For while he was able, he slept on a table,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That funny Old Man of Moldavia.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-hurst" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Hurst,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who drank when he was not athirst;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "You'll grow fatter!" he answered "What matter?"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That globular Person of Hurst.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-madras" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Madras,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who rode on a cream-colored Ass;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But the length of its ears so promoted his fears,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That it killed that Old Man of Madras.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-dover" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Dover,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who rushed through a field of blue clover;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But some very large Bees stung his nose and his knees,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So he very soon went back to Dover.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-leeds" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Leeds,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose head was infested with beads;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She sat on a stool and ate gooseberry-fool,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which agreed with that Person of Leeds.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-cadiz" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Cadiz,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who was always polite to all ladies;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But in handing his daughter, he fell into the water,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which drowned that Old Person of Cadiz.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-isles" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the Isles,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose face was pervaded with smiles;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He sang "High dum diddle," and played on the fiddle,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That amiable Man of the Isles.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-basing" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Basing,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose presence of mind was amazing;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He purchased a steed, which he rode at full speed,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And escaped from the people of Basing.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-who-supposed" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man who supposed</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That the street door was partially closed;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But some very large Rats ate his coats and his hats,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>While that futile Old Gentleman dozed.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-whose-habits" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person whose habits</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Induced him to feed upon Rabbits;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When he'd eaten eighteen, he turned perfectly green,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Upon which he relinquished those habits.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-west" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the West,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who wore a pale plum-colored vest;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "Does it fit?" he replied, "Not a bit!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That uneasy Old Man of the West.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-marseilles" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Marseilles,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose daughters wore bottle-green veils:</span>
						<br/>
						<span>They caught several Fish, which they put in a dish,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And sent to their Pa at Marseilles.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-wrekin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the Wrekin,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose shoes made a horrible creaking;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they said, "Tell us whether your shoes are of leather,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Or of what, you Old Man of the Wrekin?"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-whose-nose" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady whose nose</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Was so long that it reached to her toes;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So she hired an Old Lady, whose conduct was steady,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>To carry that wonderful nose.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-norway" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Norway,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who casually sat in a doorway;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When the door squeezed her flat, she exclaimed, "What of that?"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>This courageous Young Lady of Norway.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-apulia" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Apulia,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose conduct was very peculiar;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He fed twenty sons upon nothing but buns,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That whimsical Man of Apulia.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-quebec" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Quebec,—</span>
						<br/>
						<span>A beetle ran over his neck;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But he cried, "With a needle I'll slay you, O beadle!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That angry Old Man of Quebec.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-brute" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Bute,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who played on a silver-gilt flute;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She played several jigs to her Uncle's white Pigs:</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That amusing Young Lady of Bute.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-philoe" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Philœ,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose conduct was scroobious and wily;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He rushed up a Palm when the weather was calm,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And observed all the ruins of Philœ.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-with-a-poker" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man with a poker,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who painted his face with red ochre.</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "You 're a Guy!" he made no reply,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But knocked them all down with his poker.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-prague" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Prague,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who was suddenly seized with the plague;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they gave him some butter, which caused him to mutter,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And cured that Old Person of Prague.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-peru" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Peru,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who watched his wife making a stew;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But once, by mistake, in a stove she did bake</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That unfortunate Man of Peru.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-north" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the North,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who fell into a basin of broth;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But a laudable cook fished him out with a hook,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which saved that Old Man of the North.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-troy" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Troy,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose drink was warm brandy and soy,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which he took with a spoon, by the light of the moon,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>In sight of the city of Troy.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-mold" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Mold,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who shrank from sensations of cold;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So he purchased some muffs, some furs, and some fluffs,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And wrapped himself well from the cold.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-tring" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Tring,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who embellished his nose with a ring;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He gazed at the moon every evening in June,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That ecstatic Old Person of Tring.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-nepaul" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Nepaul,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>From his horse had a terrible fall;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But, though split quite in two, with some very strong glue</span>
						<br/>
						<span>They mended that man of Nepaul.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-nile" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the Nile,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who sharpened his nails with a file,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Till he cut off his thumbs, and said calmly, "This comes</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Of sharpening one's nails with a file!"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-th-abruzzi" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of th' Abruzzi,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So blind that he couldn't his foot see;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "That's your toe," he replied, "Is it so?"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That doubtful Old Man of th' Abruzzi.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-calcutta" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Calcutta,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who perpetually ate bread and butter;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Till a great bit of muffin, on which he was stuffing,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Choked that horrid Old Man of Calcutta.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-rhodes" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Rhodes,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who strongly objected to toads;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He paid several cousins to catch them by dozens,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That futile Old Person of Rhodes.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-south" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the South,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who had an immoderate mouth;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But in swallowing a dish that was quite full of Fish,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He was choked, that Old Man of the South.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-melrose" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Melrose,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who walked on the tips of his toes;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they said, "It ain't pleasant to see you at present,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>You stupid Old Man of Melrose."</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-dee" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the Dee,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who was sadly annoyed by a Flea;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When he said, "I will scratch it!" they gave him a hatchet,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which grieved that Old Man of the Dee.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-lucca" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Lucca,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose lovers completely forsook her;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She ran up a tree, and said "Fiddle-de-dee!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which embarrassed the people of Lucca.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-coblenz" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Coblenz,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>The length of whose legs was immense;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He went with one prance from Turkey to France,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That surprising Old Man of Coblenz.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-bohemia" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Bohemia,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose daughter was christened Euphemia;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But one day, to his grief, she married a thief,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which grieved that Old Man of Bohemia.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-corfu" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Corfu,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who never knew what he should do;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So he rushed up and down, till the sun made him brown,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That bewildered Old Man of Corfu.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-vesuvius" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Vesuvius,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who studied the works of Vitruvius;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When the flames burnt his book, to drinking he took,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That morbid Old Man of Vesuvius.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-dundee" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Dundee,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who frequented the top of a tree;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When disturbed by the Crows, he abruptly arose,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And exclaimed, "I'll return to Dundee!"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-lady-whose-folly" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Lady whose folly</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Induced her to sit in a holly;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whereon, by a thorn her dress being torn,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She quickly became melancholy.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-on-some-rocks" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man on some rocks,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who shut his Wife up in a box:</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When she said, "Let me out," he exclaimed, "Without doubt</span>
						<br/>
						<span>You will pass all your life in that box."</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-rheims" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Rheims,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who was troubled with horrible dreams;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So to keep him awake they fed him with cake,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which amused that Old Person of Rheims.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-leghorn" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Leghorn,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>The smallest that ever was born;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But quickly snapt up he was once by a Puppy,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who devoured that Old Man of Leghorn.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-in-a-pew" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man in a pew,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose waistcoat was spotted with blue;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But he tore it in pieces, to give to his Nieces,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That cheerful Old Man in a pew.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-jamaica" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Jamaica,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who suddenly married a Quaker;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But she cried out, "Oh, lack! I have married a black!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which distressed that Old Man of Jamaica.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-who-said-how" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man who said, "How</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Shall I flee from this horrible Cow?</span>
						<br/>
						<span>I will sit on this stile, and continue to smile,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which may soften the heart of that Cow."</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-troy" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Troy,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whom several large flies did annoy;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Some she killed with a thump, some she drowned at the pump,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And some she took with her to Troy.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-hull" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Hull,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who was chased by a virulent Bull;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But she seized on a spade, and called out, "Who's afraid?"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which distracted that virulent Bull.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-dutton" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Dutton,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose head was as small as a button;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So to make it look big he purchased a wig,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And rapidly rushed about Dutton.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-who-said-hush" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man who said, "Hush!</span>
						<br/>
						<span>I perceive a young bird in this bush!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "Is it small?" he replied, "Not at all;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>It is four times as big as the bush!"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-russia" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Russia,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who screamed so that no one could hush her;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Her screams were extreme,—no one heard such a scream</span>
						<br/>
						<span>As was screamed by that Lady of Russia.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-tyre" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Tyre,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who swept the loud chords of a lyre;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>At the sound of each sweep she enraptured the deep,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And enchanted the city of Tyre.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-bangor" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Bangor,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose face was distorted with anger;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He tore off his boots, and subsisted on roots,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That borascible Person of Bangor.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-east" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the East,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who gave all his children a feast;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they all ate so much, and their conduct was such,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That it killed that Old Man of the East.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-coast" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the Coast,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who placidly sat on a post;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But when it was cold he relinquished his hold,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And called for some hot buttered toast.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-kamschatka" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Kamschatka,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who possessed a remarkably fat Cur;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>His gait and his waddle were held as a model</span>
						<br/>
						<span>To all the fat dogs in Kamschatka.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-gretna" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Gretna,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who rushed down the crater of Etna;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "Is it hot?" he replied, "No, it's not!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That mendacious Old Person of Gretna.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-with-a-beard-1" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man with a beard,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who sat on a Horse when he reared;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they said, "Never mind! you will fall off behind,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>You propitious Old Man with a beard!"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-berlin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Berlin,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose form was uncommonly thin;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Till he once, by mistake, was mixed up in a cake,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So they baked that Old Man of Berlin.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-west" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the West,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who never could get any rest;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So they set him to spin on his nose and his chin,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which cured that Old Man of the West.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-cheadle" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Cheadle</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Was put in the stocks by the Beadle</span>
						<br/>
						<span>For stealing some pigs, some coats, and some wigs,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That horrible person of Cheadle.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-anerley" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Anerley,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose conduct was strange and unmannerly;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He rushed down the Strand with a Pig in each hand,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But returned in the evening to Anerley.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-wales" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Wales,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who caught a large Fish without scales;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When she lifted her hook, she exclaimed, "Only look!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That ecstatic Young Lady of Wales.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-welling" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Welling,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose praise all the world was a-telling;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She played on the harp, and caught several Carp,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That accomplished Young Lady of Welling.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-tartary" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Tartary,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who divided his jugular artery;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But he screeched to his Wife, and she said, "Oh, my life!</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Your death will be felt by all Tartary!"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-whitehaven" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Whitehaven,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who danced a quadrille with a Raven;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they said, "It's absurd to encourage this bird!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So they smashed that Old Man of Whitehaven.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-sweden" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Sweden,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who went by the slow train to Weedon;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they cried, "Weedon Station!" she made no observation,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But thought she should go back to Sweden.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-chester" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Chester,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whom several small children did pester;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>They threw some large stones, which broke most of his bones,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And displeased that Old Person of Chester.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-cape" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the Cape,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who possessed a large Barbary Ape;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Till the Ape, one dark night, set the house all alight,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which burned that Old Man of the Cape.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-burton" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Burton,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose answers were rather uncertain;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "How d' ye do?" he replied, "Who are you?"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That distressing Old Person of Burton.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-ems" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Ems</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who casually fell in the Thames;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And when he was found, they said he was drowned,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That unlucky Old Person of Ems.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-girl-of-majorca" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Girl of Majorca,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose Aunt was a very fast walker;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She walked seventy miles, and leaped fifteen stiles,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which astonished that Girl of Majorca.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-poole" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Poole,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose soup was excessively cool;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So she put it to boil by the aid of some oil,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That ingenious Young Lady of Poole.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-lady-of-prague" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Lady of Prague,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose language was horribly vague;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "Are these caps?" she answered, "Perhaps!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That oracular Lady of Prague.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-parma" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Parma,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose conduct grew calmer and calmer:</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "Are you dumb?" she merely said, "Hum!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That provoking Young Lady of Parma.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-sparta" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Sparta,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who had twenty-five sons and one "darter;"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He fed them on Snails, and weighed them in scales,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That wonderful Person of Sparta.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-on-whose-nose" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man on whose nose</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Most birds of the air could repose;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they all flew away at the closing of day,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which relieved that Old Man and his nose.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-turkey" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Turkey,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who wept when the weather was murky;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When the day turned out fine, she ceased to repine,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That capricious Young Lady of Turkey.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-aôsta" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Aôsta</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who possessed a large Cow, but he lost her;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But they said, "Don't you see she has run up a tree,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>You invidious Old Man of Aôsta?"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-person-of-crete" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Person of Crete,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose toilette was far from complete;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She dressed in a sack spickle-speckled with black,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That ombliferous Person of Crete.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-clare" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Clare,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who was madly pursued by a Bear;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When she found she was tired, she abruptly expired,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That unfortunate Lady of Clare.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-dorking" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Dorking,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who bought a large bonnet for walking;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But its color and size so bedazzled her eyes,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That she very soon went back to Dorking.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-cape-horn" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Cape Horn,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who wished he had never been born;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So he sat on a Chair till he died of despair,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That dolorous Man of Cape Horn.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-cromer" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an old Person of Cromer,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who stood on one leg to read Homer;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When he found he grew stiff, he jumped over the cliff,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which concluded that Person of Cromer.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-the-hague" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of the Hague,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose ideas were excessively vague;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He built a balloon to examine the moon,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That deluded Old Man of the Hague.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-spain" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Spain,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who hated all trouble and pain;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So he sate on a chair with his feet in the air,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That umbrageous Old Person of Spain.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-who-said-well" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man who said, "Well!</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Will <i>nobody</i> answer this bell?</span>
						<br/>
						<span>I have pulled day and night, till my hair has grown white,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But nobody answers this bell!"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-with-an-owl" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man with an Owl,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who continued to bother and howl;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>He sat on a rail, and imbibed bitter ale,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which refreshed that Old Man and his Owl.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-in-a-casement" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man in a casement,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who held up his hands in amazement;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When they said, "Sir, you'll fall!" he replied, "Not at all!"</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That incipient Old Man in a casement.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-person-of-ewell" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Person of Ewell,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who chiefly subsisted on gruel;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But to make it more nice, he inserted some Mice,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Which refreshed that Old Person of Ewell.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-of-peru" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man of Peru.</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who never knew what he should do;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>So he tore off his hair, and behaved like a bear,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That intrinsic Old Man of Peru.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="old-man-with-a-beard-2" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was an Old Man with a beard,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who said, "It is just as I feared!—</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Two Owls and a Hen, four Larks and a Wren,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Have all built their nests in my beard."</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-whose-eyes" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady whose eyes</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Were unique as to color and size;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>When she opened them wide, people all turned aside,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And started away in surprise.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-of-ryde" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady of Ryde,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Whose shoe-strings were seldom untied;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>She purchased some clogs, and some small spotty Dogs,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>And frequently walked about Ryde.</span>
					</p>
				</article>
				<article id="young-lady-whose-bonnet" epub:type="z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>There was a Young Lady whose bonnet</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Came untied when the birds sate upon it;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But she said, "I don't care! all the birds in the air</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Are welcome to sit on my bonnet!"</span>
					</p>
				</article>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
