<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>“How Pleasant to Know Mr. Lear!”</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="frontmatter z3998:poem">
		<section id="epigraph" epub:type="epigraph">
			<blockquote>
				<h2 epub:type="title">“How Pleasant to Know <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Lear!”</h2>
				<p>The following lines by <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Lear were written for a young lady of his acquaintance, who had quoted to him the words of a young lady not of his acquaintance,</p>
				<p>
					<span>“How pleasant to know <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Lear!”</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Who has written such volumes of stuff!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Some think him ill-tempered and queer,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But a few think him pleasant enough.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>His mind is concrete and fastidious,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">His nose is remarkably big;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His visage is more or less hideous,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">His beard it resembles a wig.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>He has ears, and two eyes, and ten fingers,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Leastways if you reckon two thumbs;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Long ago he was one of the singers,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But now he is one of the dumbs.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>He sits in a beautiful parlor,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">With hundreds of books on the wall;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He drinks a great deal of Marsala,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But never gets tipsy at all.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>He has many friends, lay men and clerical,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Old Foss is the name of his cat;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His body is perfectly spherical,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He weareth a runcible hat.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>When he walks in waterproof white,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The children run after him so!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Calling out, “He’s come out in his night⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Gown, that crazy old Englishman, oh!”</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>He weeps by the side of the ocean,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He weeps on the top of the hill;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He purchases pancakes and lotion,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And chocolate shrimps from the mill.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>He reads, but he cannot speak, Spanish,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He cannot abide ginger beer:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Ere the days of his pilgrimage vanish,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">How pleasant to know <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Lear!</span>
				</p>
			</blockquote>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
