<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>List of Illustrations</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="backmatter">
		<section id="loi" epub:type="loi">
			<nav epub:type="loi">
				<h2 epub:type="title">List of Illustrations</h2>
				<ol>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-book-1-cover">A man is showing a crowd of children a book titled A Book of Nonsense.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-1">There is an old man with a nose like an elphant trunk.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-2">The young person of Smyrna is holding a cat by its tail while arguing with her grandmother.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-3">An old man on a hill is running while wearing his grandmother’s gown and a top hat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-4">The old person of Chili is sitting on a stair step and eating apples and pears.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-5">People are yelling at the old man with a gong to stop playing.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-6">An elderly woman is selling honey to the old man of Kilkenny.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-7">A woman is handing the old man of Columbia a stein of beer.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-8">An old man in a tree and a very large bee are smoking pipes while children are watching them.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-9">A crowd of people surround the old lady of Chertsey, who is stuck in the ground.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-10">A young lady is playing a harp with only her very long and pointy chin.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-11">A snake is slithering out of the old flutist’s boot.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-12">The young lady of Portugal is in a tree and using a handheld telescope to look out over the sea.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-13">An old person of Ischia is dancing while holding a guitar.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-14">An old man of Vienna is drinking with a ladle from a jug of chamomile tea on the table.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-15">There is a panicking old man in a boat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-16">A large man is threatening an old person of Buda with a mallet.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-17">The old man of Moldavia is sleeping on a table.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-18">The fat old person of Hurst keeps drinking.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-19">An old man of Madras is falling off a donkey.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-20">Large bees are stinging an old person’s nose and knees.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-21">The old person of Leeds is eating goosberry-fool.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-22">An old person of Cadiz is drowing while his daughter is calling out to him.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-23">A large old man of the Isles is smiling and playing the fiddle.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-24">The old person of Basing is riding away on a horse while being chased by some people.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-25">Large rats are eating clothing while an old man sleeps.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-26">An old person is surrounded by rabbits with one hanging out of his mouth.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-27">An old man of the west is wearing a very large vest and standing on a chair with onlookers pointing at him.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-28">Five dughters of the old man of Marseilles are fishing.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-29">The old man of the Wrekin is drawing attention to himself.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-30">There is a young lady with a long nose and another woman helping to carry it.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-31">A young lady of Norway and her chair are sqeezed behind a door.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-32">The old man of Apulia is offering a plate of buns to his sons.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-33">A giant beetle is crawling on the old man’s back and neck.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-34">Three pigs are listening to a young lady of Bute play the flute.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-35">An old person of Philoe is sitting in a palm tree overlooking ancient-looking ruins.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-36">An old man with a poker is standing over two people lying on the ground.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-37">Two people are spoonfeeding butter to the old person of Prague.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-38">A woman is putting a pan into the stove with the small old man of Peru sitting in it.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-39">A woman is trying to remove the old man of the north from the basin by using a small hook.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-40">While under a cresent moon with a face, an old person of Troy is sitting next to two bottles labeled brandy and soy.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-41">There is an old person of Mold who looks like a giant puff ball.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-42">An old person of Tring and a moon with a large nose are staring at each other.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-43">A horse is glaring at the old man of Nepaul, whose legs have become disconnected from the rest of his body.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-44">Both of the old man’s thumbs are falling through the air.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-45">An old man of the Abruzzi is trying to see one of his feet.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-46">The old man of Calcutta is choking on a huge piece of food.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-47">A group of women are showing off their skewered frogs to the old person of Rhodes standing on a chair.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-48">The old man of the south is putting a plate full of fish into his mouth.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-49">An old man of Melrose is standing on his toes in the middle of a small crowd.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-50">One man of the Dee has a big flea on his knee and another man is holding out a hatchet.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-51">A young lady of Lucca is in a tree, surrounded by a crowd.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-52">An old man of Coblenz, with extremely long legs, is walking around with a cane.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-53">A couple is running off together, and the old man of Bohemia is reaching out to them.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-54">The old man of Corfu is running while holding a cane and smoking a pipe.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-55">An old man of Vesuvius sits next to a bottle of rum and watches his book be engulfed by smoke.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-56">An old man of Dundee is standing in a tree, surrounded by a murder of crows.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-57">A woman is sitting on a holly and waving her hands in the air.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-58">A man is closing the lid of a box while his wife is in it.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-59">The old person of Rheims is being fed cake while lying in bed.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-60">A large dog is looking down on his owner, the old man of Leghorn.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-61">A man is handing out pieces of his vest to three girls.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-62">The old man of Jamaica and a woman are having a conversation.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-63">There is a man smiling at a cow.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-64">A young lady of Troy is carrying large dead flies. More dead flies are lying on the ground and under the running water pump.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-65">The young lady of Hull is waving a spade at a bull.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-66">An old person of Dutton is wearing a large wig, which makes his small head look even smaller.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-67">A large bird and a man are staring at each other.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-68">A young lady of Russia is screaming and being fanned by another woman.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-69">A young lady of Tyre is dusting a lyre with her broom.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-70">An angry old person of Bangor is throwing his boots in the air.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-71">A hoard of children are wreaking havoc in the dining room while an old man of the East watches.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-72">An old man of the coast is sitting on a post surrounded by the ocean and ships.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-73">A fat dog and his owner, the old man of Kamschatka, are going on a walk.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-74">An old person of Gretna fell into a smoking crater.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-75">People are watching a beared man ride a rearing horse.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-76">Women are standing around a table holding a cake, and the old man of Berlin is inside it.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-77">An old man of the West is standing on his nose and chin with two men holding his legs.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-78">An old person of Cheadle has his feet locked in the stock.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-79">The old person of Anerley is walking while carrying pigs by their tails, one in each hand.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-80">A young lady of Wales is reeling in a huge fish.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-81">The young lady of Welling is fishing and playing the harp.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-82">An old person of Tartary is lying on the floor after cutting his throat with a knife.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-83">An old man of Whitehaven is dancing with a raven.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-84">A train carrying the young lady of Sweden is leaving Weedon Station.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-85">Children are throwing stones at the old person of Chester.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-86">An ape, owned by an old man of the Cape, is trying to start a fire.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-87">A woman and a distressed old person of Burton are having a conversation.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-88">Fish are looking at the corpse of an old person of Ems that is in the water.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-89">A young girl of Majorca is watching an older woman leap over a fence.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-90">The young lady of Poole is heating up a pot of soup.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-91">An old lady of Prague is shopping for a cap and is shown two options.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-92">The young lady of Parma and a woman are having a conversation.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-93">An old man of Sparta is feeding his twenty-five sons and daughter snails.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-94">A flock of birds is using a mans nose as a perch.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-95">A young lady of Turkey is crying.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-96">A cow is hiding in a tree while the old man of Aôsta and two men are looking for it.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-97">The young person of Crete is wearing a sack covered in black spots.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-98">A young lady of Clare is being chased by a big bear.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-99">The young lady of Dorking is wearing a huge bonnet.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-100">An old man of Cape Horn is sitting in a chair crying.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-101">An old person of Cromer is standing on one foot next to a sea cliff and reading a large book.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-102">The old man of the Hague is in a hot air balloon looking through a spyglass at a crescent moon with a face.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-103">An old person of Spain is sitting in a chair backwards, with his hands and feet in the air.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-104">A man is hanging from a bell pull.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-105">An owl and a man who has an owlish face are sitting on a fence.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-106">Two men are talking to a man who is in a casement window.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-107">An old person of Ewell is throwing mice into his gruel.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-108">The old man of Peru is tearing large clumps of hair from his head.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-109">There are birds nesting in a man’s very long beard.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-110">People are running away from a woman with a large head and even larger eyes.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-111">A young lady of Ryde is walking in some large clogs with her five spotted dogs.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-1.xhtml#illustration-limerick-112">Bird are flying towards a woman and landing on her large bonnet.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-book-2-cover">There is an owl, turkey, and cat having a coversation.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-owl-and-the-pussycat-1">An owl and a cat are sitting in a boat. The owl is playing a guitar, and the cat is holding a jar of honey.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-owl-and-the-pussycat-2">The owl and the cat are talking to a pig.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-owl-and-the-pussycat-3">The owl, cat, and turkey are dancing.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-duck-and-the-kangaroo-1">There is a kangaroo and a mallard duck.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-duck-and-the-kangaroo-2">The kangaroo and the duck are having a conversation.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-duck-and-the-kangaroo-3">The Kangaroo is looking at the duck perched on its tail.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-duck-and-the-kangaroo-4">The duck is riding on the tail of a hopping kangaroo.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-daddy-longlegs-and-the-fly-1">There is a fly and a mosquito.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-daddy-longlegs-and-the-fly-2">The fly and mosquito are sitting in a boat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-jumblies">Tons of people are sqeezed into a boat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-nutcrackers-and-the-sugartongs">Two horses are being ridden by sugar tongs.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-calico-pie-1">A flock of birds are flying towards a tree.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-calico-pie-2">A little fish is tipping his hat to all the other fish.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-calico-pie-3">There are four mice. Two are sitting in a tea cup while the others watch them.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-calico-pie-4">There are two grasshoppers, a butterfly, beetle, and bee are going about their business.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-mr-and-mrs-spikky-sparrow-1">Two sparrows are taking care of their young.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-mr-and-mrs-spikky-sparrow-2">The male sparrow is wearing a top hat, and the female sparrow is wearing a dress, bonnet, and apron. They are watching over their children.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-broom-the-shovel-the-poker-and-the-tongs-1">There is a horse-drawn carriage that is carrying a broom, shovel, poker, and tongs.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-broom-the-shovel-the-poker-and-the-tongs-2">The broom, shovel, poker and tongs are sitting down waiting for the kettle to heat up.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-table-and-the-chair-1">There is a table and a chair.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-table-and-the-chair-2">The table and chair are looking at the duck, beetle, and mouse.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-table-and-the-chair-3">The chair, table, duck, beetle, and mouse are standing on their heads.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-1">The image depicts one girl and three boys. From left to right, Violet is wearing a spotted dress with a feathered hat; Slingsby is the tallest boy and is wearing a top hat; Guy is shorter than Slingsby and wearing a paperboy hat; Lionel is the shortest person in the group.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-2">The four children, a cat, and a teapot are all in a boat. The cat is at the rudder, steering the boat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-3">The children are fishing over the side of the boat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-4">The children are sitting in the teapot while the cat steers the boat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-5">The children are sitting at the top of a very tall tree.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-6">There is a long row of parrots sitting on a perch.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-7">Violet is wearing a bonnet with hundreds of feathers poking out of it.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-8">Violet is handing the fish a knitted frock, and Slingby is spoon-feeding them opium.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-9">The children and cat are carrying the teapot under the orange trees.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-10">The Quangle-Wangle has his head in his plaid slipper.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-11">Lionel is standing on one foot with his hands in the air.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-12">Hundreds of mice are sitting in a circle eating custard-pudding.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-13">Guy is running away from the mice and his hat falls into the custard-pudding.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-14">The children and the Quangle-Wangle come upon a row of large bottles inhabited by flies.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-15">As a way of saying goodbye, the children offer gifts. Violet gives one of her feathers to a fly. Slingby, Guy, and Lionel each offer a small box.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-16">Everyone is looking at a large cauliflower while the sun sits low in the sky.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-17">A large shadow sits in front of the setting sun.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-18">An angry boy is throwing a pumpkin off the side of a cliff.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-19">A large fish with fangs bites into the middle of the boat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-20">A large rhinoceros is carrying the children on his back. The Quangle-Wangle is holding onto the horn, and the cat is swinging by the tail. Birds and kangaroos are walking in front of the rhinoceros.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-story-of-the-four-little-children-who-went-round-the-world-21">The body of the rhinoceros is mounted on a stand.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-1">The parrot family is perched on a tree branch.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-2">The family of storks is walking around. One of the young storks is flying.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-3">The family of geese is pecking at the ground.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-4">The family of owls is perched on a tree branch.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-5">The family of Guinea pigs is running around.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-6">The family of cats is sitting, relaxed.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-7">The family of fishes is swimming in the same direction.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-8">The seven young parrots are forming a circle, screeching each other.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-9">The seven young storks are standing in a circle, pecking at each other.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-10">The young geese lie dead around the fat Plum-pudding Flea.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-11">All of the young owls fall into a well.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-12">The Guinea pigs died around the lettuce plant.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-13">The Clangle-Wangle, which looks like a squirrel, is running away from a row of dead cats.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-14">The dead fish are lying next to a Boss-Woss, an insect with eight legs and a long body.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-15">The Frog, Plum-pudding Flea, Mouse, Clangle-Wangle, and Boss-Woss celebrate.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-the-history-of-the-seven-families-of-the-lake-pipplepopple-16">The parents of the dead children lie in bell jars on a table.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-1">A long tobacco pipe is growing out of the plant stem.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-2">Instead of a flower, there is a bottle surrounded by forks. Spoons are growing in place of leaves.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-3">A cockatoo is blooming in place of a flower.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-4">Five fish are growing off a single stem.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-5">Four guitars are weighing the top of the plant down.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-6">People are dangling from the plant by their feet.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-7">A large face is coming from the center of a flower.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-8">Eight pigs are growing from a plant.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-9">Spotted plumbs are growing.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-1-10">Instead of flower petals there are birds.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-1">A is for ant.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-2">B is for book.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-3">C is for cat. The cat is chasing a black rat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-4">D is for duck. The duck is floating in the water.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-5">E is for elephant.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-6">F is for fish.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-7">G is for goat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-8">H is for hat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-9">I is for ice cream.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-10">J is for jackdaw.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-11">K is for kite. It looks like it has two eyes.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-12">L is for light. There is a lit candle, in a candle holder with a handle.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-13">M is for windmill.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-14">N is for net.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-15">O is for orange.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-16">P is for pig.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-17">Q is for quail.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-18">R is for rabbit.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-19">S is for sugar tongs.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-20">T is for tortoise.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-21">U is for hot water urn.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-22">V is for villa. Behind the villa is a windmill.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-23">W is for whale. The whale looks angry.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-24">X is for King Xerxes. He is yelling.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-25">Y is for yew tree.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-1-26">Z is for zinc.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-1">A is for apple pie.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-2">B is for bear.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-3">C is for cupcake.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-4">D is for doll.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-5">E is for eel.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-6">F is for fish.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-7">G is for goose.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-8">H is for hen.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-9">I is for ink. The ink is in a small glass bottle.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-10">J is for jam. The jam is in an opaque jar.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-11">K is for kite.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-12">L is for lark.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-13">M is for mouse.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-14">N is for needle.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-15">O is for owl.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-16">P is for water pump.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-17">Q is for quail.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-18">R is for rose.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-19">S is for shrimp.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-20">T is for thrush bird.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-21">U is for hot water urn.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-22">V is for vine.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-23">W is for whale.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-24">X is for King Xerxes. He is holding a spear in one hand and a knife in the other.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-25">Y is for yew tree.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-2-26">Z is for zinc.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-1">A is for ape. It is actually a monkey.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-2">B is for bat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-3">C is for camel.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-4">D is for dove.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-5">E is for eagle.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-6">F is for folding fan.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-7">G is for gooseberry.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-8">H is for heron.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-9">I is for inkstand. It contains an inkwell with a quill pen.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-10">J is for jug.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-11">K is for kingfisher.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-12">L is for lily flower.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-13">M is for man.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-14">N is for nut.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-15">O is for oyster.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-16">P is for parrot.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-17">Q is for quill.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-18">R is for rattlesnake.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-19">S is for screw.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-20">T is for thimble.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-21">U is for upper-coat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-22">V is for veil. The veil is attached to a bonnet.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-23">W is for pocket watch.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-24">X is for King Xerxes.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-25">Y is for yak.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-2.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-3-26">Z is for zebra.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-book-3-cover">A man is dancing with a large fly.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-book-3-introduction">Edward Lear is handing his cane and hat to a confused cartoon man.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-1">The plant is blooming barking dog heads.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-2">A cage containing a hen and surrounding chicks form the shape of a flower.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-3">Teapots are growing from the plant.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-4">Inchworms are crawling up the plant stem.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-5">A broom is growing out of the ground.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-6">A slug is sitting on a leaf.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-7">A round table with cakes is growing out of the ground.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-8">It is a plant growing boots and shoes.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-9">A large bell is growing off a bamboo shoot.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-10">The plant is blooming poket watches.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-11">Instead of a flower, there is a large wooden tub.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-2-12">Five tigers are in place of flower petals.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-113">A young person of Bantry is sleeping on a pantry shelf and feeding the mice crawling all over her.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-114">A sad man is sitting on the train rails, waving his hands in the air. Another man is shouting and pointing at the man on the ground.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-115">An old person of Minety is throwing apples and pears at three people.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-116">An old man of Thermopylae is dropping an egg into a shoe. He is holding a shoe over a pot of boiling water. Another man is watching this happen, looking very confused.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-117">An old person of Deal is walking on his heels with the help of two canes. Another man is wonder why he is doing this.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-118">The old man on the Humber and his friend are amazed by the small black cake.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-119">A lantern is sitting on top of the man’s large nose while he fishes.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-120">An old man of Dunrose is jumping in the air waving his hands in the air while a parrot is biting his nose. Another man is pointing at them.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-121">The old man of Toulouse is wearing shoes that are too big.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-122">An old person of Bree is hugging a school of fish with one arm and washing a dish in the sea with the other.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-123">The old person of Bromley, a frog-like man, is sitting on the ground surrounded by spiders.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-124">A herd of cats, mice, snakes, and rats is following an old person of Shields.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-125">An old man of Dunluce is riding a swimming goose.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-126">A crowd is huddled under the large brim of a hat to escape from the rain.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-127">A giant grasshopper is sitting on a man’s back.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-128">The old man of the Dargle is sitting on a hill, pushing barrels down it.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-129">Two men are rolling up the long thin person of Pinner sitting in a chair.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-130">An old person of China is talking to his six daughters.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-131">A large frog and a man with a frog-like face are sitting on a log having a conversation.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-132">A large shirt frill makes the person of Brill look like a fish.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-133">An old person of Wick and a stranger are waving their arms in the air.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-134">Two men are offering a box to the old man at a station.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-135">An old man of Three Bridges is sitting on a wheel holding a fork, with a thin piece of meat on it.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-136">An old man of Hong Kong is laying on the ground with a sack over his head.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-137">A woman is covered by a large shawl with only her face showing.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-138">An old person of Fife is sitting on the ground next to a salad bowl. Behind him, there is a couple singing.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-139">Two men are waving their bats at a man eating grapes and cherries. His boots are in the air.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-140">There is a woman in a nightgown surrounded by the night. Birds are flying around her.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-141">An old person of Slough is dancing on a tree branch.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-142">The frowning old person of Down opens his door to a fleeing crowd.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-143">A young person is wearing a bonnet covered in feathers.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-144">The old person of Hove is lying on the ground, reading his book with birds perched on his legs and head.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-145">A young person sways on her feet as her daughter brings a large jug of water.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-146">The old lady of France is talking to her flock of ducklings.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-147">An old person of Putney is sitting by the sea while drinking tea and eating spiders.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-148">The old person of Loo is upset with the other woman.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-149">The old person of Woking is sitting on a fence, wearing a bucket on his head.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-150">The skinny old person of Dean stabs a single pea with his fork.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-151">A young lady is greeted by another woman.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-152">An old man in a garden is having a coversation with a woman.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-153">An old person of Pisa is waving a stick at her three daughters.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-154">The old person of Florence is mustard on a bustard. Behind him is a pile of mutton chops on the floor.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-155">The old person of Sheen is sitting in the water, drinking porter.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-156">An old person of Ware is riding a bear.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-157">The young person of Janina’s head floats away from her body as her uncle continues to fan her.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-158a">An old man of Cashmere looks over the wall.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-158b">Two ducks are swimming in the water.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-159">Three children play with the tassel attached to the old person’s nose.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-160">The old person of Prett sits in a cart, eating an apple tart.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-161">An old man of Spithead is opening his window.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-162">The old man on the border is dancing with his cat and pouring water into his hat.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-163">An old man of Dumbree drinking tea with a large parliament of owls.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-164">The old person of Filey is dancing to the sound of a bell.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-165">An old man is drinking caper sauce with a spoon.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-166">The old man of Ibreem is screaming at two angry men holding sticks.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-167">An old person of Wilts is walking on stilts covered in flowers.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-168">An old person of Grange is sitting in a tub, waving his arms in the air.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-169">The angry old person of Newry is surrounded by broken pottery and torn rugs.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-170">The old man of Dumlane looks like a crane wearing human clothing.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-171">An old man of Port Grigor is standing on his head.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-172">The old man of El Hums is eating breadcrumbs like a bird. Next to him is a flock also eating.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-173">An old man of West Dumpet is startles the crowd with his trupet-like nose.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-174">An old person of Sark is being yelled at by a man waving a stick.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-175">An old man is riding a horse-sized hare and holding onto the short tail to stay on.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-176">The old person of Barnes is wearing clothing that has been repaired many times.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-177">The old person of Nice looks like a goose wearing human clothing, walking with four other geese.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-178">A spotted calf is biting the lady of Greenwich’s shawl.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-179">The old person of Cannes is fanning her three chickens.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-180">An old person of Ickley is riding an angry tortoise.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-181">The old person of Hyde and his bride encounter a huge crab.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-182">An old person is feeding a carrot to her two parrots.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-183">An old man of Acona is leading a man-sized dog while ringing a bell.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-184">The old peron of Sestri sits on the ground while a man tries to talk to him.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-185">The old person is cutting a mutton chop with his scythe.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-186">The young person of Ayr has a cubed head with a feather sticking out from the top.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-187">An old person of Rimini is running down a steep hill.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-188">A young lady with a ridiculously long nose is showing it to a crowd in the distance.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-189">The old person of Ealing drives a two-wheeled carriage, with a pig sitting in the seat next to him and three owls perched around them.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-190">The old man of Thames Ditton sits on a top hat while two men hold him by his arms.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-191">An old person of Bray sings to his ducks and pigs while he feeds them figs.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-192">While sitting in a ditch, a young woman writes in her book.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-193">A group of people offer bars of soap to the old person of Bow.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-194">The old person of Rye is riding a giant fly.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-195">The old person of Crowle is sitting in a nest with eight owls.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-196">The old lady of Winchelsea instructs the maid on where to sweep.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-197">Birds are flocking towards an old man sitting in a tree. Several are pulling hair from his scraggly beard.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-198">A young lady of Corsica is feeding her little black dog ham and jam.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-199">The young lady of Firle’s curly hair wraps itself around a tree and boats out in the sea.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-200">The old person of Stroud is kicking and fighting her way out of the crowd.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-201"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-202"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-203"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-204"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-205"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-206"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-207"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-208"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-209"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-210"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-211"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-212"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-213"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-214"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-215"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-216"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-217"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-218"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-219"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-220"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-221"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-222"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-223"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-224"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-225"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-226"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-227"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-228"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-229"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-230"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-231"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-232"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-233"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-234"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-235"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-236"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-237"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-3.xhtml#illustration-limerick-238"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-book-4-cover">A man is riding a swimming sea turtle.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-the-dong-with-aluminous-nose"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-the-two-old-bachelors"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#sheet-music-the-pelican-chorus">The Pelican Chorus music composition is written for the piano.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-the-pelican-chorus"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#sheet-music-the-courtship-of-the-yonghybonghybo">The Courtship of the Yonghy-Bonghy-Bò music composition is written for the piano.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-the-courtship-of-the-yonghybonghybo-1"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-the-courtship-of-the-yonghybonghybo-2"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-the-pobble-who-has-no-toes"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-the-quangle-wangles-hat"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-1"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-2"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-3"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-4"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-5"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-6"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-7"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-8"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-9"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-botany-3-10"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-1"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-2"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-3"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-4"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-5"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-6"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-7"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-8"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-9"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-10"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-11"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-12"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-13"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-14"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-15"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-16"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-17"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-18"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-19"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-20"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-21"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-22"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-23"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-24"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-25"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-5-26"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-1"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-2"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-3"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-4"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-5"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-6"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-7"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-8"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-9"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-10"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-11"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-12"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-13"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-14"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-15"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-16"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-17"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-18"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-19"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-20"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-21"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-22"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-23"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-24"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-25"/>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="book-4.xhtml#illustration-nonsense-alphabet-6-26"/>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</nav>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
